Chapter 121 – Secondary Round (1)

The battle began with the appearance of siege weapons.

“That…!”

It was the weight displacement catapults using the principles of levers, the trebuchets. The dark elves were shaken by the appearance of the siege weapons. The chieftain, who normally would’ve run directly at the gate, was staring at it with his arms folded.

“Counter measures!”

“Unfold the shields!”

“Use the magic!”

“We can’t allow it to hit!”

Opinions differed. Several orc soldiers were loading tremendous rocks onto the trebuchets. Once the bar holding down the launcher was removed, the weight caused the levers to rotate and the rock to be thrown. Dozens of these weapons were lined up on the plain, all ready to immediately fire towards the walls.

Crockta looked at the troops. There weren’t any countermeasures for the siege weapons. In addition, they were out of reach of the arrows. If this was the case, the walls would be one-sidedly hit.

“Orcs are moderately smart dot.”

Tiyo muttered to himself.

The rocks flew and the dark elves bent down.

Kwaaaang!

Kwaang!

Kwa kwa kwa kwang!

There was the sound of the impact as the walls shook violently. The dark elves couldn’t balance themselves and sat down. Crockta leaned over and stared at a distant place.

Calmahart, the great chieftain, was laughing. Then he raised a hand.

The orcs once again rolled rocks and loaded them on the trebuchets. Thanks to the unique strength of the orcs, the huge rocks were lifted and continued to fly, like an exaggerated war scene from a medieval movie.

Kwaaaang!

Crocka endured the shock and glared at Calmahart. His eyes passed by Calmahart towards the shaman standing behind him. The shaman was the cause of all of this. At the moment, he seemed to meet the shaman’s eyes. However, the rocks hit the wall and shook his balance again. Crockta grabbed onto the wall.

“Ballista!”

The dark elves hurriedly loaded a large crossbow. They put a big arrow as large as a spear into it and lit it on fire. The fire arrows were aimed at a trebuchet. Dozens of fire arrows and rocks crossed in the air.

The gate shook and several trebuchets were burned. Nevertheless, the rocks continued to fly.

“Kuheeok!”

A rock was aimed at the railing on the wall. The whole area was overwhelmed and the dark elves standing there died instantly. As the dust from the rocks continued to rise, the morale of the dark elves fell.

Crockta peered through the dust that blurred his vision. The orcs had started their march.

“Attack!”

“The enemy is advancing!”

“Fire!”

The commanders called out. The dark elves pulled back their bows in unison but were unable to maintain their positions, due to the subsequent bombardment. The orcs were repeatedly aiming at the wall railings.

Hwiiiing!

“Cough!”

One rock flew next to Crockta. The dark elf who couldn’t avoid it had his head burst appear, then the rock continued and slammed into the interior of the city. A building collapsed.

“Dammit.” Crockta bit his lip. He hadn’t imagined this. The orcs, who Crockta believed would rush indiscriminately, were attacking Spinoa in a calm manner.

“Why didn’t they do this until now?”

Crockta smiled as he saw orcs rushing while carrying huge ladders. It felt like the genre of the game had suddenly changed. But no matter what the scene was, he had one job.

He picked up Ogre Slayer. Between the successive shocks and arrows, the sound of the ladders couldn’t be heard properly. The commanders shouted until their voices were hoarse but were buried by the other loud sounds.

The orcs started climbing one by one. Crockta looked down the wall. Many orcs were stuck like ants. Their mad eyes were only filled with the obsession of completely breaking down the city. There were no signs of fear.

The chieftain’s madness was contagious. However, the dark elves weren’t quiet. They poured boiling water, oil, and logs down the ladders, knocking down the orcs. They were all brutal weapons prepared in advance. Orcs were unable to climb the walls and fell in terrible ways.

“Vicious bastards.”

The orcs stepped on the bodies of their companions and used them as a ladder. Crockta wielded Ogre Slayer at those climbing the walls. The orc near the railings had his neck cut and fell to the ground. Several orcs underneath were caught up and also fell.

Crockta grabbed the ladder.

“Huaaat!”

Then he pushed with all his strength. His tattoos burned hot and the tendons on his neck pulsed.

“Kuaaah!”

The ladder started tilting. The orcs hanging on the ladder fell off and the ladder went in the opposite direction.

“Those who have forgotten their honor──────!”

Crockta’s battle cry covered all noise on the battlefield. His roar rang in the orcs’ ears.

“I will kill you directly──────!”

The Orcheim warriors raised their weapons following Crockta’s cry.

“Bul’tarrrr!”

Crockta wielded his weapon. The body of the orc on the railing was chopped in half and flew through the air. Blood spilled from his head and fell on the head of the orcs. Then he kicked an orc grabbing the handrail. 

The greatsword was swung and another ladder was broken. A stone from a trebuchet headed towards Crockta, who didn’t avoid it. Rather, he wielded the greatsword. Ogre Slayer smashed against it. The huge rock shattered in the air and fell on top of the orcs. Some were hit on the head by the debris.

His sword was aimed at the orcs. His sword was aimed at the rocks.

The morale of the dark elves on Crockta’s area of the wall rose.

“Kill the invaders!” In the east, Caska was commanding the archers. She used her distinctive manner of talking while continuously flying arrows. “Kill those bastards who want to trample on our home!”

Arrows flew over the heads of the orcs. They had to blow with weapons or die. The death cries of the orcs resounded. Crockta killed the orcs trying to climb onto the walls and looked around.

The orcs were still advancing.

“It will be a long day.”

He could see Tiyo playing in the distance. Using the characteristics of General’s high-speed shooting, he swept at the orcs approaching the walls. Each time the colorful energy swept over the ladders, a great number of orcs fell.

It was a tremendous play, but Crockta felt a strange flow in the atmosphere. His skill Introduction to Magic and Heart and Soul Penetration were activated, and he started to feel the flow of magic power. Then Tiyo pointed at something.

“That…”

Crockta hurriedly looked around the battlefield. In the back of the army, the orc shamans were gathering together. There were five of them and energy was rising from their bodies. The magic power was swirling in the sky like a whirlwind. Magic power rushed up to the clouds in the air. It became a huge sphere.

It looked like the sun. The blinding light coming from it disturbed his eyesight.

Meteor!

It wasn’t a real meteorite, but one that fell down like a giant meteor. The blazing magic power started to slowly approach the wall. Manifestation magic.

The dark elves were confused and stopped attacking. Even Crockta also didn’t know what to do. This would cause tremendous damage and the walls would completely collapse.

At that moment, a magic power barrier was unfolded. It was a translucent net in the sky. It infinitely expanded. A new net was weaved and then another new one. It doubled and quadrupled until a huge wall covered the entire sky above Spinoa.

A magnificent voice cried out, “The net of heaven might look thin, but it will never miss anything.”

The magician of Nameragon, Jamero. He raised his staff and shouted.

“None of you will ever see the world tree or Spinoa!”

A blue light emerged from his staff. At the same time, the barrier of magic power spread in the sky started to vibrate. It glowed as the meteor fell on it. The two magic powers clashed.

A loud sound emerged.

“……!”

Crockta frowned at the tremendous light. The terrible explosive sound seemed to shatter the whole area. Flames exploded and light scattered. He became deaf and confused. It was like he was witnessing the end of the world.

The two magic powers kept bumping back and forth against each other. But Jamero’s magic net kept expanding and pushing back the meteor. The heat gradually faded. The magic power of the shamans broke in a flash of white.

The meteor turned into white ash in the air. It was destroyed. It was Jamero’s victory. But he had consumed a lot of power and had to sit down. The dark elves cheered. As morale rose again, their arrows flew through the air. Orcs fell down.

The march of the orcs started to stall. There were orcs on the walls, but they failed to enter due to the dark elves’ desperate resistance and died. They poured oil on the orcs and burned the ladders. Dark smoke rose.

However, Crockta couldn’t feel relieved. Crockta felt a huge presence and looked up. He was coming.

Ogre Slayer was raised. A huge shadow covered him. It looked like a rock from the trebuchet, but Crockta knew it was actually an orc.

Kwaang!

The huge orc landed on the wall. He got up. His appearance looked like a giant mountain on the wall. Crockta stepped back and all the dark elves escaped from the area at once. The mad great chieftain, Calmahart. The region of wall where they were standing contained only Crockta and Calmahart.

“I said I would see you again, Crockta.” 

The red eyes glared at Crockta. 

Crockta grinned as he replied, “Likewise. You look handsome, Calmahart.”

There was a scar on his face due to the wound caused by Crockta. Calmahart looked down at him and laughed. It was uglier than before.

“You only bite with your mouth. Kuhuhu.”

Crockta and Calmahart raised their weapons. Suddenly, Crockta looked around.

“Where is your nanny?”

“What do you mean?”

“The shaman who tells you what to do, just like a nanny looking after a kid.”

Calmahart’s face stiffened.  Crockta smiled and provoked Calmahart again, “Back then, you looked like a well-behaved kid as you backed away with your nanny. Now you’re allowed to charge in here?”

Flames surged in Calmahart’s eyes.

“Shut up──────!”

He swung his double edged axe. Crockta avoided it. The bottom of the wall collapsed. Crockta gripped Ogre Slayer tightly.

Things didn’t look good. Orcs were climbing up the walls. With the emergence of Calmahart, the walls became useless. No one could stop the ladders around him so a few orcs started to climb the walls. The orcs ran to the other side and attacked the dark elves. The dark elves resisted, but they were no match against the orcs in close combat. The dark elves were starting to collapse. Their bodies fell down the walls. The orcs cheered.

“……!”

Crockta’s body trembled. He wanted to help them but the great chieftain was blocking him.

“Where are you looking?” Calmahart headed towards Crockta with an emotionless face. Crockta stepped back.

 Calmahart spat out in a rough voice, “Keep talking.”

A red haze appeared around his body. It was different from their confrontation in Juora. There was a fierce aura as always, but his eyes were calm. He was stronger and cooler. If so, the provocation was useless.

“I apologize,” Crockta replied politely.

Derision appeared on Calmahart’s face. “Kuhuhu, already frightened…”

Crockta interrupted his words. “That guy, he wasn’t your nanny, but your mother. Is your mother healthy? Are you still depressed?”

Calmahart’s face changed.

“This trash─────!”

Glossary of Common Korean Terms.

Praise the Orc: Glossary Link. 

Current schedule: There will now be 14 chapters a week, meaning two chapters every day.

I have also updated my Patreon to reflect my new novels. Every tier has early access to a certain number of unedited chapters and the chapters will be updated after I finish releasing the chapters for the day.