Chapter 116 – Make a Sound in the East, then Strike in the West (2)

Nameragon had a museum that recorded the history and events of the city.

There was a display of the wyvern Boro, who once terrorized the citizens of Nameragon. It was killed by the hunter Tunishi, who left his name on Nameragon’s history. Boro was a quick and brilliant wyvern who enjoyed hunting dark elves, unlike the wyverns who rarely attacked the cities.

Boro would invade Nameragon under the cover of night and kidnapped people for dinner. There was a huge number of victims. Nameragon invited Tunishi, a well-known hunter who had profound knowledge. He was able to kill Boro by installing traps and tracking his nest.

The identity of the wyvern was a mutant. He was much bigger than a usual wyvern and his teeth were sharp. The steel-like skin was incomparable to any wyvern. Now he was on display as a piece of Nameragon’s history.

Tiyo muttered to himself, “This is a wyvern right dot?”

The hard skin was removed and its fierce eyes were empty. However, the magnificent skeleton still had its wings spread wide and seemed to be threatening the dark elves.

“How are you going to do this dot?”

Right now, the dark elves were in an emergency state and had to use anything to counter the invasion of the orcs. So when Anor said that he would use the displayed wyvern, Mayor Radet nodded without a word.

However, Crockta and Tiyo didn’t know how Anor planned to use this. They could only guess. And it surely became a reality.

Anor closed his eyes, the power of the young necromancer embracing the old skeleton. The magic power flowed in streams and captured its core. A necromancer linked life and death. The soul that left the world couldn’t be restored. But the traces of the dead left behind would follow his will. There were things that remained after death.

Their grudges. Would there be such a thing in this old wyvern’s body?

Anor focused his mind. It was empty, but he didn’t give up and persuaded the wyverns. Sometimes there would be unforgettable memories that didn’t disappear, even after the wyvern’s death.

“……!”

The wyvern’s wings were shaking. The museum manager watched with shock.

“Ohhh…!”

“I’ve found it.” Anor smiled.

Anor reached out his hand and the wyvern’s skull moved slightly. The rest of the wyvern bones started to move.

“What do you want?”

Anor was no longer seeing just a pile of bones. Boro was a breathing and living wyvern. He gazed at the serene eyes of the wyvern who ate a lot of dark elves.

Anor winked. Boro made a sound that conveyed his intentions to Anor. It was what the wyvern wanted. Anor nodded. He would do what the wyvern wanted.

“Crockta. Tiyo. Jump.”

“G-Get on this dot? I think my bum will…”

“It will be okay.”

Anor was well aware of the experience due to being a friend of Third Dragon. Drakes and wyverns were different from horses. There was no need for a saddle because they didn’t shake up and down.

Boro responded to Anor’s resurrection magic and stepped forward. The museum started shaking. It was a magnificent spectacle. Boro moved his head. He looked around the museum where he was confined before glancing up at the glass ceiling. Towards the blue expanse.

Crockta asked the museum director to get a thick cloth and rope. The cloth was placed over the bones and tired with the rope. Anor, Crockta, and Tiyo then got on Boro’s back.

“Excuse me…”

The museum director opened his mouth with much difficulty and asked, “Why inside…?”

That’s right. Why were they riding Boro here?

Anor grinned. “Because we are going right now.”

“Huh?”

Boro’s wings started to move. The bones that made up his body started to slowly rise. A gust of wind struck the museum director. Boro sprang from the floor and flew towards the sky. The glass ceiling was instantly broken by the body.

“Wahh!” The scream of the museum director was heard from below, but they didn’t care.

Boro flew into the sky. The wide expanse. It was his dream. He wanted to soar in the blue sky once again.

“Let’s go, Boro.”

Boro made a loud sound. He didn’t have any vocal organs but they seemed to hear the roar of a wyvern. Then the wyvern started to fly south, towards Juora. The air was torn apart. Boro quickly moved through the sky.

“Ohhhh! I dot! The sky dot! Crockta! We’re flying!”

“Kulkulkul, why are you such a hillbilly? You’re acting like it’s the first time you’re flying or something.”

“What, what dot? You’ve never flown in the sky before either! How would you get into the sky dot?”

“There is such a thing.”

“Don’t lie dot!”

“Rural gnome…”

“You can’t get away with that remark dot! This is species discrimination, discrimination! Besides, Quantes is a city!”

Crockta started laughing. Of course, it was different. Sitting in a plane was completely different from feeling the wind directly brush against his skin. Besides, he had friends next to him.

Crockta grinned. He wouldn’t let Juora fall to ruin.

“Crockta, Tiyo.” Then Anor opened his mouth, “Can I ask one thing?”

“Of course.”

“What is it dot?”

“Why are the two of you going so far as to fight against the great chieftain?”

Anor first met them in the Luklan Mountains. At the time, the orc and gnome had protected the Luklan Mountains from the Great Clan. He helped Nuridot by defeating the orcs of the Great Clan. Crockta gave advice to Anor about the bullying and after Nuridot, he rescued Nameragon. Crockta was able to defend Emeranian by fighting alone against all the orcs. Zelkian, the leader of the dark elves, trusted him.

They were an orc and gnome, and right now the dark elves were the ones in need. If they wanted to live comfortably, they could. However, they came to this hard and inhospitable place and helped people.

Tiyo delayed his search for his father while Crockta turned the orcs into his enemies.

The great chieftain was strong. A fearsome monster. Anor wanted to know what made them fight to the end against such a being.

“The question is wrong dot.”

“Huh?”

“We know why we are doing it, and you do as well. The whole world knows that the great chieftain is crazy.”

“Ah…”

Anor realized.

It wasn’t ‘why.’ It was ‘how’. How couldn’t a strong and righteous man fight for what he believed in?

“Huhu, you have the chance to ask again dot. This won’t come twice.”

Anor held Boro’s neck tightly and asked again. He heard Tiyo’s reply and became more curious.

“Then, how can you fight so hard?”

Why struggle for their lives? Instead of answering, Tiyo knocked on Crockta who was sitting behind him. It was the signal for Crockta to respond. Crockta started laughing.

He knew Anor’s heart. At one time, he also had that question. Of course, now he knew the answer.

Crockta replied, “Because I am afraid of dying.”

“Huh?”

Anor looked back with wide eyes. It was difficult for him to understand heading into a dangerous battlefield because of a fear of dying.

Crockta grinned. He threw out an old question, “Anor, are you living right now?”

Anor still didn’t understand.

Crockta recalled old memories. They were the final words that Lenox, the great warrior, had shouted to Crockta. At that time, he had the same expression but now he could answer. He wasn’t an apprentice anymore but an honorable orc warrior.

“Just because you are breathing doesn’t mean you’re alive, Anor!”

A look of realization appeared on Anor’s face.

Crockta smiled. “Just because your body is moving doesn’t mean that you are alive. I fight to be truly alive.”

Anor had a bemused expression on his face. As if responding to Crockta’s voice, Boro the wyvern sped up again. He moved through the wide expanse. The wind rushed past them as they headed towards Juora.

Anor grabbed Boro’s neck. “In order to be truly alive…”

Now Juora was really close. They saw the collapsed walls of Juora from far away. Orcs had already entered inside. From the sky, the huge figure of the great chieftain could be seen. He was indiscriminately wielding his axe and destroying the city. A dark elf was wielding a double sword against him, but he had already lost.

The warriors started their slaughtering. The dark elves were helpless.

“Boro!”

Crockta shouted. Tiyo prepared General at the cry.

“Rush at full speed!”

In response, Boro moved even faster downhill. The goal was the great chieftain. Boro dived towards that place.

“I will descend by myself!”

Crockta got up from his spot. The great chieftain realized and raised his head. His red eyes met Crockta’s.

Crockta grinned.

Boro turned his body at a breathtaking angle. Crockta didn’t miss that moment as he used the gravity to fly towards the great chieftain.

A great drop!

“Bul’tarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr───!”

There was an explosion as they collided.

 

***

Surka moved his axe. Thanks to the shaman’s power, they could deceive and infiltrate the enemy’s border.

It wasn’t difficult once they entered through the gate. It was sufficient to run along with the great chieftain. The great chieftain started to run rampant and the warriors followed. They were elites of the Great Clan and knew better than anyone what to do the moment the gate was broken.

“Kuaaaaaaaaaaaah!”

The great chieftain wielded his axe with a roar. The head and body of a dark elf were separated. The confused face flew through the air. The great warriors also went wild. Their eyes were red. Their boss was a monster who smashed a gate with his body and dyed the earth red in one strike.

He felt a surge of emotion. Blood was needed.

“Cough!”

Surka cut the shoulder of the dark elf who had fired an arrow at him. The dark elf fell over. Surka stepped on his face and jumped. The escaping dark elf raised his weapon. The enemy was instantly killed. The feeling of the spine being crushed was always sweet.

The dark elves were weak. The great chieftain was right. Surka smiled. The great chieftain’s madness was spreading like a plague as they killed everything in their sight.

The area around the main gate of Juora started to be flooded with blood. The reinforcements from the other walls were rushing, but now there were no strong walls protecting them. There was nothing standing between the axes and the bodies.

They just faced each other. It was clear what would be broken.

“Victory!”

Surka wielded his axe towards a dark elf.

Kakang!

However, it was blocked.

“……!”

He stepped back, but the blades chased him. Surka focused. At that moment, the world slowed. He was a great warrior. A great warrior who knew he could split apart the world at this moment.

But,

“Keuak!”

The opponent’s blade split apart his realm. Fast. It was too fast for him. A powerhouse. Surka twisted his body and barely avoided a mortal wound. Blood flowed from his arm. Surka retreated and stared at the opponent.

A dark elf wielding double swords. The purple eyes gazed at him without any emotion.

“You…!”

Surka tried to attack again, but the dark elf ignored the orc warrior as if he didn’t care about him. He headed towards the great chieftain.

Surka’s pride was hurt, but he could only watch as the great chieftain grinned at the opponent. He couldn’t interrupt the great chieftain’s fight.

The dark elf and great chieftain started fighting. His dual swordsmanship was brilliant. It was so fast and elaborate that the great chieftain found it hard to follow. The swords moved through the gaps and wounded the great chieftain’s body.

However, the opponent was a non-standard monster, the great chieftain Calmahart. This wouldn’t work on him. Despite the accumulated damage, Calmahart’s madness seemed amplified as he laughed. In the end, he managed to catch the dark elf.

“Kuhahahahat!”

“Kuheook!”

“How ludicrous!”

Calmahart’s fist collided with the dual wielding dark elf. He flew through the air. He had sliced Calmahart many times with his blades. Then Calmahart struck once with his fist.

However, that one blow was stronger. The great chieftain’s wounds had already recovered, leaving no traces of the sword. The dark elf squirmed on the floor, unable to recover. This was the difference in power.

“Kuaaaaahhhhh!”

The great chieftain roared. The warriors were thrilled and repeated their war cry.

“For the Great Clan’s victory!”

“Death to the enemies of the Great Clan!”

Then the great chieftain laughed and raised his axe to finish off the dark elf.

The moment he was about to kill the enemy…

Suddenly, the sound of the howling wind was heard.

“……?”

Surka raised his head. The wind made a rushing sound. From the distant sky above their heads, something was closing in. Incredibly fast.

Before he could figure out what it was, it had already nosedived towards them.

“……!”

Its target was the great chieftain. Gradually, it got bigger. The great chieftain was also amazed. However, it was too late. It flew from the sky and slammed into the body of the great chieftain.

At that moment, Surka heard it clearly.

‘Do you know this word?’

It was the word that both Hammerchwi and Surka’s father had said, “Bul’tarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr───!”

A huge explosion occurred where the great chieftain was. The orcs and dark elves stared blankly.

As dust rose from the aftermath, Surka saw it. The great chieftain was lying down. The thing that hit him was staggering up. It was the appearance of an orc warrior holding a greatsword.

‘One day, it might answer you.’

Glossary of Common Korean Terms.

Praise the Orc: Glossary Link. 

Current schedule: Next Patreon goal has been reached!! Thank you for the support. There will now be 14 chapters a week, meaning two chapters every day.

I have also updated my Patreon to reflect my new novels. Every tier has early access to a certain number of unedited chapters and the chapters will be updated after I finish releasing the chapters for the day.